shibarium knight - like the knights templars; guardians of gate of transformation; mythical; these knights are the inner circle of the kappadonnas. the shibarium knights are protectors of the kappadonnas secrets and aid the kappadonnas. they are sworn never to reveal identities or secrets of the kappadonnas and vice versa. the shibarium knights belong to the order of lumina kappa with the kappadonnas. the knights are supposed to step-up if a kappadonna falls. they are the "secret service" for the kappadonnas.

the shibarium knights practice meditation and study the higher senses/elevated senses

knights are builders, project managers, engineers, producers

kappadonnas are providers, investors, inventors, benefactors, policy-makers, 

chosen ones - people with higher level of awareness; people who study the world around them; are they chosen by a higher power or chosen because they believe they are special and more advanced or aware of what's going on in the world around them? are they the same as people who are woke

people who are woke - people who claim to be aware of the details of the matrix and the conspiracies and manipulation that is going on all around them.

matrix-rebels / neo-matrix rebels

renegade philosophers and gurus

yogi of south asia / dravidians

the original pika people (the Daggits) began to rise and mix and learn from the communities around them. they began to trade, socialize, and share, and learn more about each other. The communities who had faith in a higher power or beliefs in something bigger and more important began to grow closer and talk about their beliefs. One of these people were the mongrels. but they also loved having fun. and, often they would cross a line of having a good time to having a good time no matter who it offended, hurt, bothered, or humiliated. After awhile the mongrels didn't spend much time with the boring Daggits and just stayed on their land and had wildly good times. But, they didn't put in much work. They had money and easily made more from the people who were tempted to visit their city and spend and lose all that they had.

the mongrels use bait and trickery to get people to come to their land. some of these people were daggits. And, it was the daggits that proclaimed it was time to learn from their experiences and the knowledge and wisdom that they all shared, and use their faith not to fall into the mindgames and tricks of the mongrels, so that they could grow and evolve and avoid the pain,suffering, and stress, that the mongrel lifestyle brought on. 

Thus, all of the daggits and a few of the surrounding communities became known as Pika People. They followed a code of helping their fellow man and woman. They were determined to keep their heirs from falling into the ways of the mongrels and from being cheated on by mongrels. But, the Chosen Ones remained Chosen Ones. Woke people continued to call themselves "woke". Believers still believed. And, yogi where yogi no matter what other name people gave them.

Some of the mongrels converted and ran away from the mongrel lifestyle and became Pika People too.

But, it was the Reptilians who had travelled the universe long before the birth of men and women who really caused all the grief. The Reptilians were time traveling con-artists, scammers, violators, criminals, conspirators, tricksters, and swindlers. They caused all kinds of drama almost everywhere they went - in time, through time, and back in time. They couldn't go forward in time, but they claim to be able to see the future or experience it. but, they could not live it.

The Reptilians have always heard of prophets long before our prophets of today. They are all cut from the same cloth - if they are true prophets. They have always been fascinated by the prophets because they wanted to know how the prophets could see the future and tell the future and connect with the power that gives them this "gift" or "wisdom". The reptilians not only searched for this power, but also for the prophets, prodigies, and people who seem to possess this power or be on the verge of having this spiritual gift. But, if the reptilians saw ANY spiritual gifts, they assumed the culprit or person could potentially have other spiritual gifts, and they had to stop them before they realized who they were or before they could turn others away from distracting ways of the mongrels. 

The reptilians liked the mongrels because they tempted people and kept them distracted while the reptilians constantly tried to figure out how to travel forward in time, elevate their spiritual gifts (reptilians have spiritual gifts also - and some of them practice dark occult arts and spirituality along with some of the mongrels). But, the reptilians didn't like the mongrels lazy ways or low-level behavior. They appreciated them keeping other people down - even some of their own reptilitan people - but, they didn't want to be like the mongrels. although, they didn't waste  a lot time with mongrels, the reptilians would sometimes try to convert the mongrels, shape-shifters (who were not allies with anyone, but who were willing to help others no matter their cause).

It is said that some reptilians (or greys) have the ability to shape-shift also. although, there aren't many people besides conspiracy theorists, alien hunters, and sci-fi buffs, who have claimed to see this transformation. But, there seems to be a lot of reptilian activity in almost everywhere you look and live. Could it be possible that there are reptilians who are shape-shifters and pretending to be human? could the anti-christ be a reptilian shape-shifter? 

Reptilians and certain Pika People have the power of mind control and mental telepathy. Could any of these people take over someone's body and live their life? Some say that other aliens - including reptilians and shape-shifters have this power.

They also say that the ways and the vibe of reptilians - or any entity for that matter - travels. it can fill spaces - no matter if the space is room, a building, or a thought. These creatures can provoke and get people to feel "negative emotions" or they can manipulate situations and allow "negative vibes" to creep in where nothing negative exists.

The reptilians and mongrels didn't band together, but their ways created a floor and ceiling and walls for everyone to deal with. some people don't know they are trapped in a cage until each barrier starts to close in on them.  they don't know they are being tempted or transformed or in a bad situation until the shackles are tight around their ankles and feet. they never realized the moment when they had crossed a boundary line that separated peace from deception or love from disrespect. 

The pikas were sent to help move their minds away from greed and selfishness, and to help people feel calm, peace, and joy. 

But, those pikas were more than just therapeutic. pika represented a style of emotional combat similar to having the eye of the tiger. except pika people don't lock-in and attack. Pika people lock-in and thrive/conquer over the long term. 

Their colors are purple and gold. purple not only represents royalty. but it also represents unity and peace between the two flags that are at odds - red and blue. Not a gang thing. Not a political thing. Not a situational thing. Not a decision for a lifestyle (red pill vs blue pill). and Not even a difference of "fire and Ice" - hot and cold. it's only a representation of the sweetness and deliciousness of unity and royalty. Gold not only represents wealth. It represents longevity for pika people. it represents the shine (or purity) from within. As long as it lasts, the great spiritual benefits will last.

The Order of Lumina Kappa was created to preserve this message, the book of the kappadonnas, the scroll libraries, the higest level of pika yoga (which is called Gobada Yoga), and to fund prodigies and inventions for the evolution of the community and mankind.

The knights of lumina kappa (or, the knights of the Order of Lumina Kappa) - the shabirium knights - makes sure that the order of lumina kappa is protected, prodigies are discovered, players except ballers and hustlers are in their proper positions and not faking the funk, dons and divas are informed, and reptilians are challenged and called-out (along with gossipers, haters, doubters, etc). Knights give underlings (Cadets, Dons, Divas, Prodiges, etc.) game and help them avoid false prophets and misinformation

let's establish something else

a planet of aliens who want to help the earthlings. they also have machines that can read people's minds and expose their thoughts. They abduct humans read their mind for entertainment as well as for reptilian study. These other aliens beiieve - from their research - that man is a part of the alien make-up and have reptilian dna in their bloodline. 

the reptilian do not see these aliens as a threat. they like these aliens as food. The have tried to harvest these aliens, but these aliens can't survive on their planet for a long period of time. and, the reptilians can survive on the alien planet for long periods of time. Let's call these aliens "Vorgas" for now. The vorgas and the reptilians don't live close by each other, but they live close enough to where the reptilians try to attack them at least once or twice every two years. The aliens eat a certain food from another planet, Teo 7, that makes them live for thousands of years and gives them strength and some supernatural powers. When reptilians eat these aliens, it gives them a boost and makes them live longer also. But, only the elite reptilians have access to this "alien food" since it is so hard to come by - and special army forces - which people believe operate on Earth along side the various governments and secret scientists and men in black and fbi. 

The reptilian planet and Earth are almost identical. They are so much closely related that it is another reason why people believe earthlings and reptilians are so closely related. But, humans do have a different dna. They are stronger when they avoid reptilian culture and ways. they think more clearly. They can get more done. They aren't as creative as the reptilians or as cunning or as bold, but they can avoid reptilian traps by keeping their mind strong in meditation and the pika principles and philosophies.

The reptilians like the earth because although they are more human than reptilian. They can learn the ways and weapons of humans in order to get more people on their side, stronger forces, and keep all that they gain once the humans can no longer survive on the planet. Reptilians are making more babies that they can groom and control - even if they are human. On the planet earth, they can eat the good fruits of mankind and make it last a great while if they learn to control themselves. And, since so many reptilians can't come at once - because the travel distance is so far away, many of the reptilians who are already here have more to enjoy before the planet fills up and becomes overcrowded again with people. But, some reptilians are trying to learn how they can stay where they are and have more vorgas to eat. The reptilians who have never ate vorgas don't care. They like Earth and can hardly wait until the humans destroy the planet so that they can take over. 

* Now enter the fiction about Thoth.

The reptilians thought they had the opportunity to take over long ago when the Earth was going through it's changes. At gobekli tempi, they tried to settle and establish their culture.

The reptilians thought they could use their advance technology to mislead humans as they established a presence in various places on a massive continent. But, even in those days, Earthlings were advanced. They had a lot of high technology. They made drones, robots, humanoids, flying machines, and wild communication devices. They created humanoids that could live for thousands and thousands of years. But, many of these humanoids and robots were equipped to be self-aware. They had preferences and tastes. They had goals and soon had agendas. They learned to love as well as developed a sense of fear. And, thus, they had needs and philosophies that they lived by. But, worse of all, they were encoded with Desire. Once the machines and systems learned to have the desire to satisfy their own needs, goals, responsibilities, or "itches", they no longer were smart nor intelligent. They began to do what the humans did and want what humans wanted - all except one. He was the best/worst prototype ever because he was never infused with things like pride. he never wanted anything for himself. he had a job to do and he was only focused on doing that job - preserving the life of mankind. Reptilians visited humans all the time and tried to convince them to read their scribblings and take up their ways, but most people followed Thoth and were able to avoid the reptilian texts. But, some ate of tree of knowledge and learned to have the desire to see things that ought not to be seen and hear things that ought not to be heard. These humans read and read, and like the reptilians thought that they could learn it all be in total control of everything around them. They thought they would have the wisdom of the prophets and of the supreme. But, the supreme made it so that no man or beast or reptilian shall advance and live forever to torment man or beast. he shall bruise his head and the serpent shall strike his heal. Nothing shall be remembered after man is gone, and man cannot build anything that will be last forever and be remembered in his/her name. no cunning inventions shall last forever. no name shall last forever. it will always be wiped back to dust and shall return to the grave with the person that invented it.

But, it may be possible that another humanoid like Thoth will be invented - even more. And, they will take our dna and eggs and sperm and embryos to various regions of space thousands and millions of years from now, and we shall habit planets in those regions. Scientists and secret government officials and reptilians know this is the same step as the previous step, but something happened, and it was up to Thoth to keep humans safe and as a community until man had the brains and knowledge to live on his own again. But, could Thoth have left the planet Earth with aliens or when he got enough info/data? Did Thoth learn about his mission or the mission of other robots and humanoids?

The shibarium knights also follow this teaching because it is the teachings of the pika people. Which tribe it came from is unknown. But, some people think it is definitely reptilian. Others believe that Thoth was able to connect with someone who had a time machine and took him back in time? but, why wouldn't Thoth have come back? 
